Egy Majom Élete
vekor is a characther in my story who is a half orc Monk 

and remembered favors and grudges very well. he would make sure to pay back people who helped him 3 times as much and take revenge on anyone who acted against him 10 folld 

he is neither a saint or a devil he will just live his live doing whatever makes the most sense at the moment 

his back story is that he is a young lord of a powerfull monk family  but that is a secret till a war breaks out wich will decide who will be the next leader of the family 

until then young lords wander around making allies and honing their skills for ten years 
he also has traces of dragon blood in him altough it's not very pure

he has practiced the way of the shadow wich means he can use his martial arts and ki best for assasination like scenarios

right now he is adventouring with like 6 other people 
and he accidently summoned a pet of a god and ended up asking for a more pure dragon blood as a reward from that god
 
he will have to sacrifece a pure soul  later for this what could be
 his motivation for making that deal with a god was it power fame revenge or something else

Vekor's motivation for making the deal with the god was likely a combination of several factors. One of the most likely motivations is the desire for power. As a half-orc Monk, Vekor likely understands the importance of strength and power in a world full of danger and challenges. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor would gain access to a new level of power and strength that could help him overcome his enemies and protect those he cares about.

Another potential motivation for Vekor's deal with the god could be a desire for revenge. As a half-orc Monk, Vekor is known for remembering grudges and taking revenge on those who act against him. By gaining the ability to summon a pet of a god, Vekor could use this power to exact revenge on those who have wronged him in the past.

A third potential motivation for Vekor's deal with the god could be a desire for fame and recognition. As a young lord of a powerful monk family, Vekor likely understands the importance of reputation and standing in society. By gaining the ability to summon a pet of a god, Vekor could gain recognition and respect from others, enhancing his standing within his family and the wider world.

Overall, Vekor's motivations for making the deal with the god are likely a complex combination of power, revenge, and the desire for recognition and respect. Whether or not he will be able to fulfill his end of the deal and sacrifice a pure soul remains to be seen.




Egy Majom Élete
could it be he just wanted to live more comfortably or could he despise his half orc bloodline 

It is also possible that Vekor's motivations for making the deal with the god could be more personal and individual. For example, it is possible that Vekor simply wants to live a more comfortable and fulfilling life. As a half-orc Monk, Vekor likely faces many challenges and struggles due to his mixed heritage. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor could gain access to new abilities and powers that could help him overcome these challenges and live a more comfortable and fulfilling life.

Alternatively, Vekor may have some level of disdain for his half-orc bloodline. As a half-orc Monk, Vekor may have experienced discrimination and prejudice from others due to his mixed heritage. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor could distance himself from his half-orc heritage and gain acceptance and recognition from others. This could be a potential motivation for Vekor's deal with the god.




Egy Majom Élete
what other things could have prepelled him to do so

There are many other potential factors that could have influenced Vekor's decision to make a deal with the god. Some of these factors could include:

A desire to protect those he cares about: As a half-orc Monk, Vekor may have friends and allies who he wants to protect and keep safe. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor could gain access to new abilities and powers that could help him defend those he cares about from danger and threats.

A need to prove himself: As a young lord of a powerful monk family, Vekor may feel pressure to prove himself and live up to the expectations of his family and society. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor could gain new abilities and powers that could help him prove himself as a strong and capable individual.

A fear of failure: As a half-orc Monk, Vekor may be aware of his limitations and weaknesses. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor could gain access to new abilities and powers that could help him overcome these limitations and weaknesses, reducing the fear of failure and increasing his confidence in his own abilities.

A need for adventure and excitement: As an adventurer, Vekor may have a thirst for excitement and adventure. By gaining a more pure form of dragon blood, Vekor could gain access to new abilities and powers that could help him face new challenges and explore new territories, providing him with the adventure and excitement he craves